Make it easier to try out the demo (#7)
gradle/provider-api-migration-testbed: README.md

```shell
$ cd ../test-project
$ ../gradle-next-install/bin/gradle assemble \
  -Dorg.gradle.api.source-version=7.4.1 \
  -Dgradle.api.repository.url=$(pwd)/../gradle-repository/build/repo
  
>>>>>>>>>
Running with Gradle version 7.6-20220603153347+0000
>>>>>>>>>

...

> Task :list:compileKotlin
Hello from Kotlin plugin, classpath length: 5

> Task :utilities:compileJava
Hello from Java plugin, classpath length: 2

> Task :app:compileGroovy
Hello from Groovy plugin, classpath length: 6

BUILD SUCCESSFUL in 24s
32 actionable tasks: 30 executed, 2 up-to-date
```

**Note:** in this demo our goal is to demonstrate how the feature would work.
How it is going to be triggered (system property, command-line argument etc.) is not decided yet.

You can see more bytecode upgrades happening now:

```text
Matched call to org.gradle.language.jvm.tasks.ProcessResources.setDestinationDir(java.io.File) in test.project.build.TestGroovyPlugin$_apply_closure1, replacing...
Matched call to org.gradle.api.tasks.compile.CompileOptions.getCompilerArgs() in test.project.build.TestGroovyPlugin$_apply_closure2, replacing...
```

> These are running against the bytcode of the build logic that wes compiled against Gradle 7.4.1, making the resulting bytecode comaptible with Gradle Next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are running against the bytecode of the build logic that wes compiled against Gradle 7.4.1, making the resulting bytecode compatible with Gradle Next.
```

typo
